[Autogenerated] alright for our first go.
Let's just take a look at the default settings in CloudTrail.
So I'm gonna go to CloudTrail here in my console,
and it brings us to our dashboard screen.
Now what we see here under recent events is the default trail
that's recording events within CloudTrail.
So if we wanted to we can expand to view all events and
CloudTrail allows us to view the last 90 days of events within
our account using the default trail, if you read their instructions,
you'll see that Hey,
if you want to view a complete log of your CloudTrail events,
create your own trail and then configure it to dump to S3 or CloudWatch.
Now we're going to do that here in upcoming clips.
But I wanted to point that out.
This builds on the idea that the default trail provided is
limited as far as customize ations Go Now.
This is an example of a trail here, and it's just put into a table form we can.
See,
we have filters here at the top we can look for read
only we can Look for event names.
We can do pretty much anything specific to CloudTrail events Now.
I'll just leave it at Reed only for this demo.
But if you wanted to,
we could enter a value here and filter on that within this
dashboard here at the bottom of the screen.
So if I wanted to filter for events that were true as re only I
could do true and that's going to filter for me.
And there we go right there.
So let me clear this.
And then the next thing we see is our time range.
So this is where we can go back 90 days in view our CloudTrail events.
So you'll see it ends on November 21st,
because that's technically 90 days from today.
So if I wanted to I can view all 90 days, I'll leave this, as is for now.
And we noticed this just shows the most recent events.
Let me refresh this.
I'll scroll down and you can see it has the event time,
the username or the role name that's performing this and then the event name.
Now they also have a resource type and resource name,
and you can see that right there.
There's some examples,
but these particular fields are specific to certain events.
As you can see here, like assume role.
Now, let's just go ahead and actually open up one of these events.
Let me select this one.
And this is what's considered a CloudTrail event.
We C r A.
W s access key that made the call the region that it's in.
If we had an error code, we would see it.
So if someone was trying to access some resource that
they didn't have permissions for, we might see an error code.
Here we have our event, IDE of that particular event, our event name.
So list buckets the source, which is S3.
We have the time.
Whether or not it's a read only event,
there's a request I'd be There's a source i p address and then
finally the username that perform the action.
So let's click on view event and you can see it shows as JSON.
Now,
this is important because if you export these events in
our log files like we're going to do,
you can parse this JSON for values that you're trying to find or
perform any other action that you want on JSON files.
There's a lot of data in this entire event.
Let me go ahead and close out of this and what we're going to do is we're
going to go ahead and wrap up here now that we have a good overview of the
default trail offered to us by CloudTrail.
And then in the next upcoming clips,
we're going to actually configure our very own custom trail to use within our accounts.